4/11/2025 - 2
Thank you for reaching out to my office. I appreciate hearing from you.

I ran for this office because I wanted to make the federal government work for Pennsylvanians in every one of our 67 counties. That commitment hasn’t changed. I’m continuing to fight for working people by protecting workers’ rights like collective bargaining, pushing for universal free school lunch, safeguarding Social Security and Medicare, holding corporations accountable, giving Pennsylvania’s farmers what they need to feed the world, and making health care more accessible and affordable.  

Under President Biden, we were able to get a lot done, and we made significant investments across the commonwealth. Now as we enter President Trump’s second term, my goal of a better, stronger Pennsylvania isn’t changing, and the values I’ve fought for won’t change either. Moving the ball forward on these things will mean working with President Trump and Republicans in Congress on the stuff we can agree on. But I want to be clear that I will fight back when I disagree, and I won’t flinch when it comes to protecting your rights, defending our democracy, and standing up for forgotten communities.

We’ve seen a lot of chaos out of the White House over President Trump’s first few months in office – from DOGE, to cuts to critical research programs, to the firing of federal workers in our communities and across the country. When this chaos hurts Pennsylvanians, I’ve pushed back and called it out. When NIH funding was threatened for Pennsylvania’s world class research institutions and universities, I called it out. When the administration took shots at federal unions and workers’ rights, I made it clear where I stand. And with DOGE and Republicans in DC threatening Social Security, I’ve doubled down on my commitment to protecting this sacred, critical program.

I have decided that the best approach to get things done for Pennsylvanians is to engage directly with Administration officials and Cabinet members to advocate for specific changes and action. I don’t believe that having a brawl in the press is the most likely road to success for our communities, which will always be my ultimate goal.

Republicans hold majorities in both the House and the Senate. The unfortunate reality is that this means progress on a lot of the legislation I care about most will be hard to come by for the next few years. But that doesn’t mean I’ll stop trying. I will continue to find every possible opportunity I can to bring federal investments back to the commonwealth and deliver meaningful wins for Pennsylvania families.  

I believe that Pennsylvanians deserve a strong voice in Washington, so hearing from constituents like you about these critical issues is essential to my work. I’m here in D.C. fighting for solutions that deliver real results for Pennsylvanians and every corner of our commonwealth. Please know that as long as I’m your senator, that’s what I’ll always do.

Thank you again for contacting me to share your thoughts. Please do not hesitate to reach out in the future about other issues of importance to you. If I can be of assistance, or if you’d like to learn more about my work on behalf of Pennsylvanians and our commonwealth, I encourage you to visit my website, https://www.fetterman.senate.gov/.
